OK, privileged.
Exactly, so we covered configuring our passwords and our basic security console and the terminal lines,
the last one is configuring a password for the enable prompt.
So when you connect over a console or a viewing line, you'll find the user exact prompt by default,
which has very limited set of commands available to get the super user access you use via enable command
to invoke privilege, exact mode that can be secured with a password as well.
So you could put a password on your console and your terminal wanes and not have an enabled password.
Or you could have an enabled password but not have passwords at the console.
Or you can do both.
Typically you're going to want to do both to the command firebase with the old command or get onto the
new command in a minute is enable password and then the password you want to use and not to global level
command.
So for console and VQ iBOT password was configured at the line level for the enable password is configured
at the global level.
Once we've done this, if we are the user prompt and we enter the enable command will be prompted for
that enable password.
Now, the problem with the enable password is that if you do a short run, it shows up in plain text
so that you're a senior administrator and you've got a junior administrator with you and you're doing
some training for them and you're showing them some things.
If you do a show on command and airable, they're looking over your shoulder.
They will see what the enable password is and know they can go and get super user access as well.
So you don't want to be the case.
You can see here we've done our show it on and we can see in plain text that the enable password is
flat box free.
So we don't use the enable password command, we use the enable command.
Instead, it's got exactly the same function where once you've configured, if you want to get to the
enable prompt, you have to enter a password.
The difference is that when you use an secret, if you do a show run, it shows up in an encrypted format.
It doesn't show the actual password in plain text.
Now, if you've got Bolaven enabled password and an enabled secret set, the enable password is not
used.
It's being able to secret that is in effect.
Best practice is to configure and enable secret.
Do not configure and enable password at all.
It's just an old command was not used anymore.
So let's say that we did have an able password set as flat box free and we see an enabled secret flat
box free will get a warning message about the same as you'd enable password.
Please use a different secret so we could see a enable secret flat box.
For now, if I do a sure run, I can see that may enable secret is messed up letters and numbers.
So I don't know that it's actually a box for it's not in plain text but enable password does us plain
text which is flat box free real world.
What you would do if you got that warning message is you would see new and you know, enable password
to remove it and then you would see an able secret and put to enable secret then.
As well as the enable password being shown in plain text, any online level passwords that you've entered
are shown in plain text by default as well.
So if I did a show right now, I can see that my inbox is encrypted, my enable password is in plain
text and also those passwords I configured under the console and the virtual terminal lines are in plain
text as well.
Again, that is BYB two.
I do want both showing up in plain text.
So what I can do for that is I can use the service password encryption command.
You enable global level when you do this.
Now, whenever you do a shoot on, all commands will be shown in an encrypted format.
So it is best practice to do this.
So the example here of enabled service password encryption and when I do a show run ishiba all of my
passwords out in an encrypted format are not shown in plain text.
OK, so that was it.
That was configuring basic security next year.
We'll have a look at doing this in MOOP.